# Steganography texts (stegos) generated by DAIRstega

This directory contains the covers and stegos generated by DAIRstega.

### Naming Explanation

`a32_b05_bpw256.csv` is `α=32, β=0.5`. In this case, the payload of the generated stegos is `2.56 bpw` (bit per word).

- **α** is the number of bits of secret information read at one time. Here are three cases: `α=8, 16, 32`.
- **β** is the mapping coefficient. The smaller **β** is, the higher the payload of the stego will be. Here are two cases: `β=0.5, 1.0`.


### File Contents

Each file contains **4,000 data**, i.e., 2,000 normal texts (**covers**) and 2,000 **stegos**, each of which consists of `text` and `label` fields. 
The `text` contains covers and stegos, and `label` is the label of the text.
- "**0**" means the text is cover.
- "**1**" means the text is stego.

### Steganalysis Performance

We present the performance of linguistic steganalysis methods that are representative in recent years and have achieved SOTA performance at the time to detect the stegos in these datasets. The specific results are shown in the following table:

Table 1: Detection results of linguistic steganalysis methods on these datasets.
| Architecture | Steganalysis | Metrics |α=8, β=1.0 | α=8, β=0.5| α=16, β=1.0|α=16, β=0.5 | α=32, β=1.0|α=32, β=0.5 | Avg.|
| ---: | ---- | ----------- | --- | --|--|--|--|--|--|
| non-BERT-based | FETS [^1] | Acc |54.38| 51.37| 51.60| 56.97| 52.35 |59.50|54.38|
|  | | F1  |47.09| 47.55| 49.47| 52.35| 49.20| 57.70|50.56|
||R-BiLSTM-C [^2] |Acc|64.75| 61.05|61.88 |67.42| 63.83| 68.73 | 64.61|
|||F1|63.85| 61.05| 67.03| 66.16| 63.82| 68.83 |65.12|
|BERT-based|Zou [^3] |Acc| 70.63| 65.43| 65.06| 65.87 |65.56 |73.25|67.63|
|||F1|70.44| 61.48| 65.28| 65.15| 67.53| 74.27|67.36|
||SSLS [^4]|Acc|70.38| 65.50| 64.38| 71.12| 65.50| 74.25|68.52|
|||F1|70.34| 65.50| 64.27| 70.99| 65.31| 74.25|68.44|
||SeSy [^5]|Acc|70.12| 64.25| 64.25| 73.75 |66.50|73.88|68.79|
|||F1|72.31| 66.19| 66.29| 71.47| 70.02 |69.04|69.22|
|LLM-based|GS-Llama [^6]|Acc|63.38 |59.63| 61.44 |63.25 |59.38 |62.13|61.53|
|||F1|63.24| 60.15| 60.59| 63.13| 59.15| 61.86|61.35|
||LSGC [^7]|Acc|75.38 |72.63| 71.75| 81.75| 69.38 |83.25|75.69|
|||F1|75.27 |72.41| 71.35| 81.55 |69.32| 83.15|75.51|

[^1]: A Fast and Efficient Text Steganalysis Method. IEEE Signal Processing Letters, 26(4): 627–631, 2019.
[^2]: A Hybrid R-BiLSTM-C Neural Network Based Text Steganalysis. IEEE Signal Processing Letters, 26(12): 1907–1911, 2019.
[^3]: High-performance Linguistic Steganalysis, Capacity Estimation and Steganographic Positioning. In Proceeding of IWDW, 2021.
[^4]: Small-Scale Linguistic Steganalysis for Multi-Concealed Scenarios. IEEE Signal Processing Letters, 29: 130–134, 2022.
[^5]: SeSy: Linguistic Steganalysis Framework Integrating Semantic and Syntactic Features. IEEE Signal Processing Letters, 31–35, 2021.
[^6]: Towards Next-Generation Steganalysis: LLMs Unleash the Power of Detecting Steganography. arXiv:2405.09090, 2024.
[^7]: Linguistic Steganalysis via LLMs: Two Modes for Eﬃcient Detection of Strongly Concealed Stego. IEEE Signal Processing Letters, 32: 541-545. 2024.



